docs: improve README (#291)
GenSpectrum/dashboards: README.md

# Dashboards

> > The GenSpectrum dashboards are software tools for the analysis of genomic data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The GenSpectrum dashboards are interactive dashboards for the analysis of pathogen genomic data.
```
